I am writing with my personal respect with regards to your reposed
personality/firm as being reliable and God fearing. I am the son of Mr.
Michael F. Kadiar from Sierra-Leone. My mother, my younger sister and I
are presently staying in Ghana as Refugees. My father was one of the
ministers of Johnny Paul Koromah's regime in Sierra-Leone. During the
intervention of the ECOMOG soldiers to restore the presidency of
AlhajiTejan Kabbah from Johnny Koromah, my father was among the 23
executed ministers. After the execution of my father our stay in
Sierra-Leone was no more safe, my mother, my younger sister and I have no
option than to move to Ghana a neighbouring African country for safety.
Due to our status in Ghana as refugees, we have asses to very few things.

We escaped to Ghana only because it's safe and near to my country but
because a week before my father died, he told my mother of a lodgement
containing $27m and other treasures like Gold which he deposited in a
security company here in Accra Ghana for safe keeping. Since our arrival
here in Accra we have been receiving help from our mission because we are
staying in one of the visitors villa in the church premises. We attend
fellowship regularly in the missions premises under the supervision of the
refugees commission. We are hardly allowed to go out.
 
It's a thick life circle of cold comfort. 
 
I believe that God will touch you to understand my request. My mother and
I have agreed to work out our father's deposit and improve our lives
again. We have agreed to invest our money in any overseas country through
your assistance and directives. You will look for a lucrative venture
where this money can be invested on and also buyers of Gold depending on
the current market value. Before proceeding, we will get to be more
familiar and also into an understanding working agreement because our
future now depends on this money. The boxes containing the money and
treasures were deposited and registered as a family treasures. I am sure
my father did it for security reasons.

We would like to know what you will take as your percentage for assisting
us. We sincerely wish to introduce and make you our business partner and
overseer of our proposed investment in your country or any where else. We
are prepared to send all the documents regarding to this deposit as soon
as you show your immediate response by E-mail.
