This letter may come to you as a surprise since it is coming from someone
you have not met before. However, we decided to contact you based on a
satisfactory information we had about the western world, as regards
business information concerning your country and the safety of our funds
in a steady economy such as that of your country compared to our country
Nigeria, Africa.I am a civil adviser currently working with the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation (N.N.P.C). My close and trusted colleagues
and I need your assistance in the transfer of US$45.5 million into any
reliable Account you may nominate overseas.This fund was generated from
over-invoicing of contracts executed by the N.N.P.C. under our control and
supervision. This fund is now ready to be remitted into any account we put
forward for that purpose.What we want from you is a good and reliable
company or personal account into which we shall transfer this fund.Details
should include the following:

1. New account where there's no money in it. 
2. Name of Bank.
3. Address of Bank with fax and tel. number.
4. Account number.
5. Beneficiary/Signatory to account(Account name).

Upon the successful crediting of your account, the fund will be shared as
follows:

1. 30% to you for your assistance.
2. 65% for myself and my colleagues.
3. 5% for contingency expenses. 

Please after your first reply through e-mail, I will want us to continue
further communication by fax and telephone for confidential purpose. We
wish to assure you that your involvement should you decide to assist us,
will be well protected. This business is 100% risk free as we have secured
our own side of the transaction.Thank you for your anticipated
co-operation while we look forward to a mutually benefiting business
relationship with you.Please when replying to my e-mail, kindly include
your telephone, fax number and mobile telephone numbers preferably
extremely private numbers where we can reach you anytime of the day. To
maintain confidentiality, our pass word is "APPLE".  Please request for
the above password any time you call. If who ever that answer could not
quote the password, please hang up and dial again.