It is with respect and confidence that I decided to
contact you for a confidential transaction, which
requires your assistance for our mutual beneficial
relationship.

I am the first son of Mr.Godwin Markson of
Sierra-Leonean former Chairman Of Distribution
And Revenue Generation of The Diamond Sector.

I have come to inherit the sum of $28.000.000.00
(Twenty Eight Million US Dollars) left for me by my
father who until his death was the chairman of Revenue
Generation and Distribution of Diamond sector before
the civil war. He died in a motor accident while
returning from Freetown our capital city after an
official conference meeting, may his soul rest in
peace.

The last WILL testament of my father is with the
executor of the WILL. But the money is deposited with
a security company in Abidjan in Ivory Coast.

At his death bed, my father advised me to seek an
assistance of an honest foreigner to help me in
transferring the money out of the country. The
foreigner will open a domiciliary account in his
favour there in Abidjan in Ivory Coast for onward
transfer to the person's designated overseas account
where the money will be properly invested with the
assistance of the person.

This is because there are no good investment
opportunities in this country now due to the political
instability, secondly I have decided to live in your
country after this fund has been transferred to your
country for investment.

I am therefore soliciting for your assistance but with
the following conditions:

1) That this transaction shall be treated with utmost
confidence, co-operation and absolute secrecy.

2) That the money will be transferred to an account
where much tax shall not take so much of it.

3) I have decided to give you 20% of the total money
towards your successful assistance to this business,
having set aside 5% to cover all local and
International expenses as may arise from this transfer
activity for which all the parties involved will
have to contribute to, while the balance of 75% will
be credited to my account.

4) An agreement of acceptance shall be written, signed
and stamped by you on your letter headed paper and
send to me to be filled with my lawyer in which you
will state that 75% of the Twenty Eight Million U.S
dollars must be released to me by you through your
bank account immediately after the transfer.

If you are interested in the proposal and decides to
assist me kindly contact me urgently on this,
email:johnson_mark2000.co.uk