We want to transfer to overseas the sum of One hundredand Forty Two
Million United States Dollars (U.S.$142,000,000.00) from a in Africa.

I want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and honest person who will
be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up
a new bank account immediately to receive this money,though an empty bank
account could serve this purposeas long as you will remain honest to me
till the end of this important business trusting in you andbelieving in
God that you will never let me down either now or in time to come.

I am Atakata,the external auditor of a Bank.During the course of our
auditing,I discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in
1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on this account again.After going
through some old files in the records, I discovered that the owner of the
account died without a ^ÓHeir apparent to the throne^Ô hence the money is
floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be
forfeited for nothing.

The owner of this account who is Mr.Eshed.B.Willey,a foreigner and
an industrialist died, since1990,until now no other person(s) knows
about thisaccount or could give any documentary evidenceconcerning
this account. As such this account has noother beneficiary and my
investigation proved to me aswell that Eshed.B.Willey until his death
was themanager Oriental Diamond Company,in South Africa.  

However, if you are interested in this business wewill start the first
money transfer with Forty Two Million U.S. Dollars (U.S.$42,000,000.00)
upon successful transaction without any disappointment from you. We shall
also re-apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account.

While the total amount involved is One hundred andForty Two Million United
States Dollars(U.S.$142,000,000.00)only. I would want us to make a first
transfer of [Forty Two Million United States Dollar. (U.S.$42,000,000.00)
from this money into a safe Foreigners account abroad before the rest. I
am onlycontacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved
to a local account, without validinternational foreign ^ÓAgreement^Ô, but
could only be approved to any foreigner with valid international
credentials: passport or drivers license and foreign account because this
sum is in U.S. dollars and the former owner of the account
Mr.Eshed.B.Willey is aforeigner too, thus the money could only be
approvedinto a foreign account.

However, knowing all this, we will reach a bindingagreement in this
regards. As a matter of urgency, I will inform you the next step to take,
while you Send your private telephoneand fax number including the full
details of theaccount to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidenceand to sign a binding
agreement that will bind ustogether before transferring the money to any
accountof your choice where the fund will be safe. Before wefly to your
country for withdrawal, sharing and investments, I need your full
co-operation to make this business a success, because the management is
ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will giveto you,upon your positive response and
once I amconvinced that you are capable and will meet up with the
instructions of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business. I need your strong assurance that you will never let me down.

With my influence and the position in the bankwe can transfer this money
to any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your
country for sharing.And to build confidence that you can come immediately
to discuss with me face to face after which I will make this remittance in
your presence and three of uswill fly to your country at least two days
ahead of the money going into the account.

I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from
you that you are ready to act as directed.

To prove the authenticity of the business I will use my position and
influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance from  the
relevant  ministries, foreign exchange departments, embassy and
Board of Internal Revenue Services.

At the conclusion of this business, you will begiven 35% of the
total amount, 60% will be for me,while 5% will be for expenses both
parties might haveincurred during this process.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address.     