I am the manager of bills and exchange at the foreign remittance
department of the ECOBANK Nigeria. I am writing this letter to ask for
your support and co- operation to carry out this business opportunity Via
my department. We discovered an unclaimed sum of US$ 25.5
million(Twenty-five million five hundred thousand United States Dollar
only) in an account that belongs to one of our customers who died a long
with his entire family in November 1997 in Auto crash in Nigeria.

Since we got information about his death we have been expecting his next
of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release the
money unless somebody applied for it as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines.

Rightaway,neither the family member nor the relation has appeared to claim
this money, at this discovery another official and I in the department now
decide to do business with you as the next of kin or relation of the
deceased for safety and sequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it
and we don't want this money to go into the bank treasure as an unclaimed
debt.

The banking law and guidelines of the ECOBANK Nigeria stipulates that if
such money remained unclaimed for a period of four (5) years it will be
transferred into the ECOBANK treasury as unclaimed fund. The need for a
foreigner as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that
the customer was a foreigner and cannot stand as his next of kin or heir.

We agreed that 25% of the money will be for you as the foreign partner,
thereafter my colleague and I will visit your country for disbursement
according to the percentage indicated. Therefore to enable the immediate
transfer of the fund to you as indicated.You must apply to the bank as
relation or next of kin of the deceased, indicating your bank account
number and ocation where in the money will be remitted. Upon receipt of
response, I will send to you by fax the Application Form. As soon as you
receive this letter you should contact me immediately and indicate your
direct and confidential telephone and fax number for effective
communication. Trusting to hear from you immediately.
