Dear Gopi Nutakki,

We hope you’re enjoying your new phone. Here’s some important account information, helpful tutorials and easy-to-use self-service options to make your new phone experience and managing your account as flexible and convenient as possible. It's all right here - so let's get started! More questions? Contact your local AT&T Store and get the help you need.		Your AT&T store

BOWLING GREEN RETAIL 78880
1770 CAMPBELL LN
STE C
BOWLING GREEN, KY 42104


map this store or find another location

	Your phone: Motorola MB860
Primary number: 540-454-1537
Operating System: Android 2.2
Phone lines: 1 | add a line

Standard features on your phone:
Call Waiting
Caller ID
Basic Voicemail

View phone tutorial
 		Plan details: 
Get quick access to your calling plan details, features and phone upgrade eligibility.

View plan details

Mobile Web Access
Your Plan: DataPro 2GB for HSPA+/4G Smartphones
Includes: 2GBs of mobile data usage per month

	
Now you can:
•	Check your email on your phone
•	Get scores, stocks and movie times
•	Search YELLOWPAGES.COM for local listings
•	Find friends on Facebook

	Messaging
Your Plan: Messaging Unlimited with Mobile to Any Mobile Calling
Includes: Unlimited Calling and Messaging to or from any Mobile in the U.S. 

	
Now you can:
•	Text cell phones and email addresses
•	Send and receive pictures and videos
•	Chat in real time with Instant Messaging



GETTING STARTED
Manage your account online 
View and pay your wireless bills, manage your rate plan, sign up for paperless billing and more, all from our easy-to-use site. 

 


USEFUL LINKS
Phone/Device Tips
Get your AT&T bill in Spanish
Answer Center - answers to common questions
How to access AT&T's Wi-Fi Hot Spots
Upgrade Phone - AT&T Upgrade AdvantageSM		 SERVICES
Information at your fingertips: 
• Check your balance
 
• Make a wireless payment
 
• Minutes remaining
 
• Data remaining
 

more on how to use *Services
					
 
contact us   privacy policy

Mobile broadband not available everywhere.

To ensure delivery, please add our 'From' address (att@em.wireless.att-mail.com) to your Address Book.

This email was sent to: gopi.nutakki@gmail.com

You have received this Account Service email because you are a wireless customer of AT&T. You will receive this type of notification to communicate important information about your account, payment and self-service options or updates to your att.com/myATT account. If you have any questions about how AT&T collects, uses and protects your personal information as a wireless customer, please visit our Privacy Policy at att.com/privacy.

© 2011 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T and the AT&T logo are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property.

AT&T Mobility, 1055 Lenox Park Blvd. Atlanta, GA 30319-5309, United States of America. 

Ref Code: 50215-F